Welcome, in this video, we're going to look at abbreviating our push command.
We just pushed up our changes up to GitHub, and I used the full syntax:
"git push", and then the remote reference, and then the name of the branch.
When we have tracking branches, the remote reference and the branch names are optional;
however, if I just do "git push", at least Apple Git will warn me about
a change that just happened between the prior version of Git and Git 2.0.
Let's try it out. Now, your system may warn you, or it may not,
since Git 1.7, Git has added this message talking about
the default push behavior, which in the past was "matching".
Which meant, if you had several tracking branches, if you just typed "git push"
it would send all changes to all matching branches at the same time.
In newer versions of Git, starting in 2.0,
the new behavior is to use what's called simple,
which means it sends only the current tracking branch up to your remote repository.
At the end, it does tell me that I'm up-to-date, which means it did the behavior that is expected.
If I type "git version", you can see that I have version 2.3.2,
which is past 2.0, which means that it only sent master,
and if I were to have other branches, it would still only send master.
However, in order to quiet this message, I need to go ahead and set
the global configuration item that it's telling me to set. Let's do that right now.
Type "git config --global" since we're going to be setting this at the user or global level;
space; and the entry item is "push.default"; space; and the value that I want to use is "simple",
which is the new default behavior in 2.0 and above.
Double check that line, and then press enter. Now when I type "git push",
I simply get a message that tells me that everything is up-to-date,
I don't get that long message like I did before.